API-8070: Document new license property (#834)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/references/license-properties/index.mdx

# Available properties

| Namespace   | Properties                                |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------|
| **privacy** | [`open_chat_noindex`](#open_chat_noindex) |

<Section>
<Text>

### open_chat_noindex

> Indicates if the server should return chat page (direct chat link and I-Frame inside widget) with response header `X-Robots-Tag: noindex` to prevent crawlers indexing the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates if the server should return the chat page (a direct chat link and an Iframe inside the chat widget) with the `X-Robots-Tag: noindex` response header to prevent crawlers from indexing the page.
```
